I don't want to
It's loyalty.
It's you.
What are you doing?
You want me to say it a second time?
You're just a son of a bitch
Leave Wanjia, you shit
Don't you still want to marry me?
Do you deserve it? Do you really believe it?
Why are you so hard on your mouth?
Why reject you
He is Jie Shao
This woman doesn't even care about Master Jie
Too bold
Let's be curious this time
Is there something we can't talk about in private?
In front of so many people
Did you do it on purpose?
What am I good at?
I just like someone else
My man doesn't say he's a hero
You have to have status.
It can produce large functions.
Just you, you don't deserve it now
Are you kidding me?
I had no status, no status.
Can you find that dog man?
He wanted to see what it was.
I'll show you today.
Hey, what's going on?
Why did he come this way?
Don't know don't know
Could it be
Wanjie, did you see it?
The person I want to marry is him